https://codepen.io/Corderd12/pen/yLyqMYe
    
    
    
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Semantic HTML adds specificty and meaning to html on the webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to defined web content meaning.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes help define more information about a particular HTML element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 tags are the most important heading on a page.  You should only use 1 h1 tag per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <input> and <select>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Title of webpage, scripts, styles, meta information, etc...

    7. What is an id? 
    Id tags are used to specify an unique element.  Id's are typically used to by CSS and Javascript to perform a task for the unique element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any all elements but id tags must only be used once per page

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once

    10. What is a class? 
    Classes are ways of specifying one of more clasnames for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as needed

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="website" target="_blank">

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    Specifies alternative text

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS, you would use the # symbol.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section tags are used to seperate larger groups of specifc content.  Div tags does not nessesarily convey or have any special meaning.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To add styling to webpages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    In regards to <h> tags, they're selected based on importance. <h> go from 1-6 with <h1> being the most important possible and should only be used once.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id tags should only be used once on a webpage and used to idenify one unique element. Class elements can be used as many times as needed on a page
    and can be used to identify more than one element.  

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Using the "."

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human {

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    It is useful in targeting specific elements and changing the CSS styles of children tags independent from their parent tags.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a:link{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selectors are CSS selectors for psuedo classes.  Pseudo classes are defined by elements in a special state such as "hover" or "visted". 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height: in CSS

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: in CSS

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
      border: 1px dotted black
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {

    }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    Using "/* */" marks

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    $ ls -la

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    $ rm :  It is important to be careful because removing a file via the command line is permanent.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it allows you to recall older versions of your current project in case you need to take the project back to a previous state.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit to github frequently such as whenever you finish a step in the project you are working on.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Create your own version of Repo, add your TL as a contributor, clone your repo, use the "cd" command to go to the directory where you are going to want to clone your forked Repo, use the git clone <link-to-repo> command to clone the repo to the directory you are currently in, cd into the newly created repo using the cd <repo-name> command, use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo, add and commit changes on your branch after you complete work,
    push your changes back up to your Github repo, submit pull-request, and finally add your TL to the Reviewers and then submit the pull request



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
  Block elements always start on a new line and takes up full width available.  Inline elements do not start on a new line and only take up as much space as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    Elements positioned absolutely will be positioned relative to the nearest  positioned ancester or will move with the document body while scrolling.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model is a set of rules for how CSS prioritizes and computes styling content on a webpage.  The box model in its normal form can be problematic and often causes problem with design within webpages.  Many of the problems can be resolved by using the "box-sizing: border-box;" selector.


   --> 